DOCSP-38014 SSL Error Workaround (#942)
mongodb/docs-node: source/fundamentals/connection/tls.txt

   see the :manual:`SRV Connection Format </reference/connection-string/#srv-connection-format>`
   section in the Server manual.

> .. note:: Workaround for an "unsafe legacy renegotiation disabled" error

Reviewer: I: [caps](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/style/titles-and-headings/#capitalization)

```suggestion
.. note:: Workaround for an "unsafe legacy renegotiation disabled" Error
```

> .. note:: Workaround for an "unsafe legacy renegotiation disabled" error

Reviewer: Q: is 'unsafe legacy renegotation disabled' the exact text in the error? is it capitalized there?

Author: Yes, this is how the error is written in the ticket (uncapitalized) and online in forums.

>    The {+driver-short+} depends on OpenSSL by default. You may encounter an "unsafe

Reviewer: I: ['may' = permission, 'might' = possibility](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/terminology/alphabetical-terms/#std-term-may)

```suggestion
   The {+driver-short+} depends on OpenSSL by default. You might encounter an "unsafe
```

   legacy renegotiation disabled" error in certain environments when using OpenSSL 

>    versions 3.0 and later, due to outdated SSL proxies. If you encounter this error, 

Reviewer: I: [avoid 'due to'](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/terminology/alphabetical-terms/#d:~:text=Use%20because%20of%20instead.)

```suggestion
   versions 3.0 and later because of outdated SSL proxies. If you encounter this error, 
```

alternatively, you could rephrase the sentence to something like this:

Outdated SSL proxies can cause an "unsafe legacy renegotiation disabled" error in environments
using OpenSSL 3.0 or later.

Author: Thanks!

>    versions 3.0 and later, due to outdated SSL proxies. If you encounter this error, 
>    you can set the ``SSL_OP_LEGACY_SERVER_CONNECT`` option to resolve, as shown in 

Reviewer: S: after your first draft is done, see if any sentences can be shortened / more direct without sacrificing clarity or tone. here, you could do something like this:

```suggestion
   versions 3.0 and later, due to outdated SSL proxies. You can resolve this error by setting
   the ``SSL_OP_LEGACY_SERVER_CONNECT`` option, as shown in 
```

   the following example: 

   .. code-block:: js
      :emphasize-lines: 6

      import { MongoClient } from 'mongodb';

>       import { * as crypto } from 'crypto';

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      import crypto from 'crypto';
```

I don't believe `* as` can appear inside curly braces, and there's no need to use `* as` when there's a default export already.

>       const client = new MongoClient("mongodb+srv://...", {
>       secureContext: {
>          secureOptions: crypto.constants.SSL_OP_LEGACY_SERVER_CONNECT
>       }
>       });

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      const client = new MongoClient("mongodb+srv://...", {
        secureContext: {
          secureOptions: crypto.constants.SSL_OP_LEGACY_SERVER_CONNECT
        }
      });
```

Indentation is a little funky here :)
